Create 20241011.md (#8)
Cardano-Atlantic-Council/Minutes: 20241011.md

## **Attendees:** 
- Jenny Brito
- Adam Dean
- Richard McCracken
- Thiago Nunes
- Mike Hornan

## **Purpose:** 
- Group and individual communicaitons with other ICC teams. 
- Continuted discussion of setting up a legal entity.
- New Governance Action to discuss

## **Discussion Points:**

1. **Procedural discussion**

- Communications on group commitments to each member and to other ICC teams. Using tact and diplomacy for constructive dialogue even when disagreement is at play.

- Achieving agreement on public communications, balanced with the idea it’s OK to voice strong opinions from an individual perspective to speak for yourself to get it out there. Help find common ground even if passionate about a certain position.

2. **Legal**
- Budgeting and working with Intersect.
- Each team member participate as an individual LLC.
- The LLC would be the entity that receives reimbursements for travel costs and other logistics.
- The point of the LLC is to protect individual members from liabilities and voting repercussions and establish a place of jurisdiction in the case of disputes.

3. **Info Governance Action to raise the K parameter**
- initial discussions

> - Yes or abstain is initial assessment. No is not likely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Constitutional or Abstain is initial assessment. Unconstitutional is not likely.
```
